# Squire CSS

### Yet another OOCSS boilerplate. Because why not.

Squire is a scalable Object Oriented CSS framework inspired by ITCSS and SMACSS, with a simplified BEM syntax. It aims to be a very unopinionated and barebones CSS-only boilerplate for every kind of web project.

The library of objects and components is still under heavy development. It will get better with time.

##### Hey, why there’s no `dist` folder?

This is not Bootstrap nor Foundation. Those are frameworks. Squire does not sit on top of your project. Squire *is* your project. It is meant for front-end developers which sink their hands in pixels and spread them on the screen. Files are going to be customized, a lot of lines are going to be created, so including a `dist` folder in the repo would be completely useless.

## Structure

Squire structure is similar to other OOCSS frameworks. It is split in layers of specificity. Each layer is more specific than the previous one.

1. **Tools** – This is where functions, mixins and application settings are stored. No CSS is generated by files contained in this layer.
2. **Generic** – This is the place for very low-level CSS like box sizing and resets.
3. **Base** – This section contains the styles for bare HTML elements, with no classes applied.
4. **Objects** – Objects are simple entities with no dependencies, such as buttons, form inputs or panels.
5. **Components** – Components are more complex elements, i.e. pagination or tabs.
6. **Partials** – Partials are full-fledged layouts or page sections.
7. **Views** – Views are essentially templates or pages.

Ideally, the first two layers of the application ( Tools and Generic ) will mostly be left untouched ( apart from the settings file ). Most of the work would be done on *Objects*, *Components* and *Partials*, with fewer interventions on *Views* to deal with specific requirements.

## Issues

Squire supports all modern browsers ( IE10+ ).

There’s still a ton work to do on testing objects and components, so bugs and inconsistencies will definitely occur. Feel free to fork, and sumbit issues when you find some.

## Credits

Squire was inspired by various CSS frameworks and guidelines, namely:

* [ITCSS  by Harry Roberts](http://csswizardry.com)
* [Atomic Design by Brad Frost](http://bradfrost.com)
* [RSCSS by Rico Sta. Cruz](http://rscss.io/)
* ... and many others


Good coding.